After school, kids leave the building, plenty of them with their time capsules. Holding her shoebox, Kayla trudges past a black SUV. The woman in it shouts to Kayla, "Hey, yellow shirt!" and then honked. Kayla startles, turns around, and walks back to get a look at who is calling her. After recognizing her classmate Kennedy in the passenger seat, she goes over to the SUV.  Kennedy focuses on her phone and ignores Kayla. Kayla wants to say hi to her but cannot get an eye contact. The woman is Kennedy's mother, Dianne. 

Dianne looks past Kennedy at Kayla, "Hi. You're Mark's girl, right?"

Kayla wonders, "Yeah." 

Dianne is friendly, "Your dad was such a huge help with the spring fundraiser. Thank him again for me, will you?" 

Kayla smiles politely, "I will." 

Dianne, "What's your name again?" 

Kennedy rolls her eyes, "Kayla."

Dianne still looks at Kayla, "Right, Kayla. Hey, so we just opened our pool..." 

Kennedy shoots her mother a look. 

Dianne continues, "...and we are going to have our first big summer pool party tomorrow to celebrate Kennedy's birthday. It's gonna be so much fun, right, Kennedy?"

Kennedy says blandly "Yep," her eyes still on the phone.

Dianne invites Kayla, "Oh, you should come. It's gonna be a blast. Kennedy will invite you on Facebook." Dianne turns to her daughter, "Right, Kennedy?"

Kennedy, "No one uses Facebook anymore."

Dianne turns to Kayla, "Anyway, do you think you can come, or..."

Kayla knows Kennedy does not want her to go, "Oh, I mean, uh... Maybe. I'll try, but you know, probably not."

Kennedy turns to stare at Kayla, coldly.

Dianne insists, "Oh, no, no. You should come. It's gonna be a blast. But don't forget to thank your dad for me, okay?"

Kayla smiles, "Yeah, Yeah." The second yeah sounds like a sigh.

Dianne, "So you're gonna...We'll see you tomorrow maybe, or..."

Kayla, "Um, yeah. Yeah, I'll try, you know..." She gives an awkward chuckle, "I mean, I'd like to. I just don't know if I can."

Dianne insists, "Oh, no, no, you'll be there. Okay, see you tomorrow." Then Dianne turns to her daughter,"Say goodbye, Kennedy."

Kennedy, "Bye."

Kayla keeps her smile, "Bye."

The SUV drives off leaving Kayla staring at the ground.