The next day, Mark drives Kayla to Kennedy's home. He parks the car in the street and tells her to have fun and that he will pick her up when the party is over. With a look of dread, she gets out and walks up to a large house. She carries a wrapped present in both hands and a yellow cloth bag, containing a towl and a bathing suit, on the shoulder.

Kennedy's mom answers the door and welcomes Kayla inside. Mrs Graves tells Kayla where to put the present, where the bathroom is, where the pool is and then let her be. Kayla goes into the bathroom, changes into a one-piece green bathing suit and steps out bathroom barefoot. She crosses her arms in front of her body self-concienciously as she goes up to a self-sliding glass door and peers out into the backyard where the pool is. 

The pool area is crowded with kids in swimsuits. The girls all wear two pieces and one bumps a beach ball into the pool. Around the edge one boy springs a hose as his friend squirts him with a water gun. Nearby Kennedy gestures giddily in a skimpy bikini. A boy on a floaty holds a bag of chips. One kid gulps down a red sports drink. A brunette in a hot pink bikini top sunbathes in the water. A few adults hang around the pool as the kids goof around.

Steeling herself, Kayla shuts her eyes and takes a deep breath. She slides the glass door, it only opens a crack. She tries to open it further, the door does not budge. She looks back, Mrs Graves is nowhere to be found. She slides the door shut and opens it again. The door stucks at the same place. She squeezes herself through the narrow opening and then shuts the door, walks across the wooden balcony, and desends into the sunny backyard surrounded by trees. The material of her green swimsuit wraps her rounded belly, her hair hanging past her chest. Kennedy and her friend, dancing pool-side, pay no attention to Kayla as she passes them. She wades into the pool squeezing her arms to her sides before going in upto her shoulders. Plugging her nose, Kayla briefly submerges and then re-surfaces, pushing back her wet hair. As kids play around her, she swims over to the edge and stands with her back against the wall, her arms acrossed under water. She watches Kennedy playfully pushing a boy away. 

Suddenly a dark hair boy wearing a t-shirt and scuba goggles surfaces next to Kayla. "All the way. Did it all the way," Gabe is breathless.

Kayla looked at him, "What?"

Gabe, still trying to catch his breath, "I swam all the way across the pool under water."

Kayla does not know what to say to that, "Cool."

Gabe wants to impress Kayla, "Yeah. You know, I could have went further if I wanted to, but whatever. Wanna see me do a handstand?"

Kayla does not know what to say to that, "Uh..."

Gabe can not wait to demonstrate and dives into water head first, his bent legs poking above the surface. A second later, he stands back up. "Too many people in the pool. Can't do it for long if the water isn't still. I'm Gabe. What's your name?"

Kayla is glad to have someone to talk to, "Uh, I'm Kayla."

Gabe still wants to show Kayla of him doing a handstand, "Okay. Yeah, cool. I'm gonna try again."

Kayla furrows her brows as Gabe goes back under water, not realizing he's not showing her his best side. Kayla leans away avoiding the splash and trying not to be accidentally kicked.

Gabe stands back up again and explains matter-of-factly, "Yeah. Water's not calm enough."

Kayla does not know what to say, "Yeah."

Gabe is smooth, "So, how do you know Kennedy?"

Kayla replies politely, "Oh, we go to school together."

Gabe still has his giant goggles on, "That's cool. She's my cousin." Foreseeing a conversation cul-de-sac, Gabe quickly switches back to his strength "Want to do a breath-holding contest?"

Kayla does not know why breath-holding, but she wants to be polite "Yeah, sure." She plugs her nose and watches Gabe count to three. Then she sinks below the surface, still gripping the edge of the pool. After three seconds, she comes back up and wipes her eyes and looks over Gabe bent over with his face in the water.

Gabe stands up, "I won. Okay, so the trick is, don't move at all, because when you move your body uses oxygen."

Gabe makes the party fun for Kayla, but not for long. Mrs Graves calls out to the girls, "Okay. Picture time! Girls first. Come on, girls. Gather round, over there by the diving board." Kayla lowers her head hoping no one would notice her.

Gabe tries to be helpful, which puts Kayla between rock and a hard place, "She said all the girls over there."

Kayla starts swimming, "Oh, yeah. Right. Yeah."

Gabe says to himself, "No boys allowed."

By the pool, all the girls except Kayla pose together with Kennedy in the center. Mrs Graves holds up her phone to take the photo. Kayla slouches into the the picture and stands in the back row, only showing camera her forehead. Mrs Graves catches that, "Wait. Kayla, I can't see you, sweetie. Come up front." Kayla slouches to the edge of front row. All the girls shouts out a pretty "CHEESE".

Later, in the backyard, the kids gather round Kennedy as she opens up gifts. A girl hands Kennedy a gift bag. Kennedy acts all excited. Everyone watches as she looks inside. Kennedy becomes so happy "Oh, my God, dude! Oh, my God." She pulls out a tiny blanket. Everyone praises. "So cute!" "It's so you." Kayla forces a smile and praises in a volume no one can hear. Mrs Graves hands Kennedy another wrapped gift, "This is from Kayla." Kayla waves awardly and Kennedy glances back at her. Mrs Graves snatches photos as the rest of kids watch with disinterest. Kennedy unwraps the gift and watch the box inside with distain, "What is it?"

Kayla explains, "Uh, it's a card game. Um... It's actually really fun. Like, everyone gets ten cards and you take turns, like... Uh, it's like Go Fish, except a lot more fun." Kennedy and her friend exchange a nerdy look. At this moment, Kennedy's dad walks out with a cake singing the Happy Birthday song. Kennedy and her mom tries to stop him explaining it's not the right time. Kennedy's dad tries to explain why it is the right time due to the disaster happening in the kitchen. Everyone else watches the argument with amusement. Kayla fights back her tears and tries to smile as well.

Later, the party goers gather in a den. Kayla is alone in another room next to the kitchen calling her dad, "Dad, can you please just come get me?"
"No, the party's over."
"I don't know how it ended, Dad, okay? It's just kind of, like, over."
"Dad, I'm the last one here, okay? Can you please just come get me?"
"No, I'm not whispering. It's just really bad reception here. Just come get me, please."
"In an hour? Can you please come quicker?"
"Fine. Whatever. Fine."
"Just text me when you're here and don't come inside."
"All right, yeah. Thanks."
"Thanks, I said. All right. Bye."
"Love you too."

Kayla hangs up and starts to brush her thumb across her cracked screen to scroll down her Instgram feed.

Aiden, t-shirt around his neck, walks into the room where Kayla is at, "Oh, sorry."

Kayla has a crush on Aiden, but he rarely notices her. Kayla cannot help herself but being starstruck, "No."

Aiden, "I just gotta..."

Kayla breathes heavily, "What?"

Aiden unplugs his phone from an outlet next to her, "Was just grabbing my phone. Had to charge it."

Kayla chuckles loudly, "Oh, yeah. Yeah. Sometimes I charge it, too. My, my, my phone. I... Yeah, sometimes my phone runs out of batteries, too."

Aiden gestures to the direction of the den, "You know, everyone's in there."

Kayla acts as relieved, "Oh, that's where everyone is. Okay. Uh... I'll go out there in a second.

Aiden stares at her blankly, "Okay."

Kayla watches him amble out of the room, her body tense. Kayla realizes that the party is a blast after all. She goes back where the part is at. One kid just finished singing and searches for the next person to take over the mic. Kayla sheepishly raises her hand and receives the mic. Facing the TV, she sings. The other kids' expression ranges from indifference to scorn, except for Gabe, who smiles at Kayla's performance. Kayla enjoys herself and calls off her dad's rescue.
