Hey, guys! Uh, it's Kayla.
Back with another video.
Ok, um, so first thing's first is, um...
I haven't been getting, like, a lot of views
or whatever on my videos,
so if you guys could share, like with your friends and stuff,
I would really, really appreciate it.
Uh, okay, so the topic of today's video is "Being Yourself,"
and it's like, you know,
well, aren't I always being myself?
And like, yeah. For sure.
Um, but, uh...
Sorry, I... I'm reading these off paper.
Um, okay...
But it's like, being yourself is, like,
not changing yourself to impress someone else.
You know, 'cause, like, um, like, uh,
you could be the most popular kid at school or,
like, you know, like, um,
have, like, the hottest boyfriend or whatever, um
but, like, what's the point if you're not being yourself?
And it's like
being yourself can be hard. And, like,
the hard part about being yourself is that it's not always easy
because, you know, like, people can, like, um,
like, make fun of you, or something dumb.
'Cause, like, people suck and evil people exist.
Um, but you just got to ignore them and, like,
not care what they're saying.
Um... And... Like, for instance, like...
You know, a lot of people, like, call me quiet or shy
or whatever, um, but I'm not quiet, like,
I... You know, I don't talk a lot at school, but, um
I just... It's not like I'm scared to not talk,
I just don't want to.
But if, like, people actually, you know, like, be my friend,
like, you know, talk to me and stuff
they'd find out that I'm, like,
really funny and cool and talkive.
I'm not, like, quiet.
I just choose not to talk a lot at school,
like other people, you know?
Um...[CLICKS TONGUE]
Okay, so, yeah, uh...
I hope that, basically, you know, like, be yourself
and don't care about, like, whatever...
What other people think about you.
And just, like, you know, ignore them
if they're being mean to you about it.
And everything will work out if you're just being yourself.
Uh, okay. Thank you, guys, for watching this video.
I hope some of you guys found it helpful.
And make sure t...to subscribe to my channel. Bleh.
Um, and, yeah. Thank you for watching.
Gucci!