In the back yard, Mark and Kayla sit around a raised fire pit, small flames flickering in the wind. Kayla doesn't feel like talking.

Mark looks at Kayla, "You sure you want to do this?"

Kayla, in a very low voice, "Yeah."

Mark, "I'm not exactly sure what 'this' is... Or means.... I just hope that whatever we're doing here is a positive thing?"

Kayla seems sure, "Yeah."

Mark, "All right then."

Kayla scooches forward in her chair and then stands to set her time capsule shoebox in the fire. The lid is crafted with sparkly words that read "TO THE COOLEST GIRL IN THE WORLD." The flames flares up and surrounds the shoebox, the fiery glow reflecting in Kayla's hopeless face as she watches it burn.

Mark, "What was in there?"

Kayla leans forward and rests her elbows on her laps, "Nothing, really. Um... Just sort of my hopes and dreams."

Mark, "Right." His head spins in full power trying to decipher Kayla's thoughts, "And you're burning them?"

Kayla sighs, "Yeah."

Mark considers her daughter at a loss. He leans forward and reaches across the space between them to place a hand on her shoulder.

Kayla looks down, "Do I make you sad?"

Mark, "What? No. No, not at all. Not at all. Why? Do I seem sad?"

Kayla, "No."

Mark, "What... Why would you think you make me sad?"

Kayla, "I... I don't know, it's just... Sometimes, you know, I think that when I'm older, you know, maybe I'll have a daughter of my own or something, and..." She sighs, "I feel like, you know, if she was like me... Um... Then being her mom would make me sad all the time. I... 'Cause, like, you know, I'd love her because she's my daughter, you know, but... I don't know, I just think if she turned out like me that being her mom would make me really sad."

Mark, "You're wrong." He sees a silly girl and feels lucky that she tells him what's in her head, "Kayla... Kayla, hey, look at me. Look at me."

Kayla looks at Mark for a brief moment.

Mark, feeling hopeful, "You're wrong. If you grow up to have a daughter like you, she will make you so, so happy. Being your dad makes me so happy, Kayla. You don't know. You don't know how happy you make me. It's beyond... It's... I can't describe it. It's, um... It's so easy to love you. It's so easy to be proud of you. I'm not just saying this. Hey, I swear to God, I'm not just saying this. I mean, sure, sometimes, if I see you're upset or having a rough day, then I feel sad. But... That kind of being sad, that sort of day-to-day sad, or worrying that I do, that's not... Kayla, always, beneath all that, I am always just so unbelievably happy that I get to be your dad."

Fire light flickers on their faces and Kayla keeps her gaze on the ground. Mark shifts his focus to the fire, staring at it wistfully, "When Mom left, I was really scared. I was really, really scared. I...I was scared you weren't gonna be okay. And then you started to get older. And you got...I don't know." All the happy memories appear in front of his eyes, "You took your first steps, and you said your first words, and you made your first friend. All the things I thought I was gonna have to teach you. How to be nice, how to share, how to care about other people's feelings. You just started doing that on your own. You know, your teachers would always say to me, "You've got such a lovely daughter. You've done such a great job with her." But I didn't do anything. I really didn't. I really didn't. I just watched you. And the more I watched you, the less scared I got. Does that make sense? I stopped being scared about whether you were going to be okay a long time ago. Do you know why?"

She meets his expecting gaze, almost let slip a smile.

Mark, "Because of you. You make me brave. And if you could just see yourself how I see you, which is how you are... How you really are, how you always have been, I swear to God, you wouldn't be scared either."

Kayla suddenly wraps her arms around him and slumps into his lap, her head hanging over his shoulder. Surprised, Mark holds her tight.