Sunday night, Kayla lies on her bed in her dark room. She closes her laptop, shuts her eyes and claps her hands together to make a wish as pious as someone who prays. "Dear God, tomorrow is a really really important day for me, and I really need you to make it a good day. I mean... I understand that every day can't be, like, a great day, um... But I really need tomorrow to be a good one. I mean, even if you give me a ton of, like, really bad days in the future or something, um, just as long as tomorrow can be a really good day. All right, uh... That's all. Thank you. Love Kayla." She open her eyes and opens her laptop.

Monday morning, students wearing name tags sit in a school bus. Mr McDaniel standing in the front of the bus making annoucements, "You are here for the High School Shadow Program. We're gonna walk in there as a group, and you're gonna be individually paired with a high school student. Now, you are to stay with that student for the entire school day. You are not, repeat, not to leave their side. So please be respectful and take it all in. This is your chance to get a glimpse of what life would be like for you next year. So, pay attention and have fun."

Later, the middle schoolers parade a single file down the high school hall way, each with their hand on the shoulder of the person in front of them with Mr McDaniel in the lead. Kayla glances around at the high school students standing along the lockers on both sides of them. One girl snaps a photo of the middle schoolers and laughs with her friend. These middle schoolers arrive at the cafeteria and are instructed to wait for their high school student. Kayla sits alone and waits anxiously, her hands on her knees.

A teenage girl with curly brown hair wearing short shorts and a tanktop comes up to Kayla, "Kayla?" 

Kayla looks up, stands up, smiling, "Hi!"

Olivia also glad to see Kayla, "Hey, hey. I'm Olivia."

Kayla, "Hi, I'm Kayla." 

Both girls are a little giddy and unable to stop smiling. Kayla reaches for a handshake when Olivia goes for hug. They are both confused for a blink of an eye.

Olivia speaks very fast, "I'm gonna hug you." They hugged briskly. "Okay, cool. Yeah, this is gonna be so fun."

Kayla, gives a goofy wave of fists, "Yeah!"

Olivia immediately mirrors a goofier wave of fists, "Oh, yeah! You nervous? Like, you don't have to be nervous."

Kayla cannot stop smiling, "Sorry."

Olivia says quickly, "No, no, no. Don't be sorry. I'm... I'm nervous."

Kayla lets out a laughs, brushing her hair.

Olivia cannot stop smiling and is she dancing to her own words? "Like, I want you to have fun. Um, yeah. Okay, cool. This is gonnna be great. High school is boring and, like, horrible, but, like, also amazing. And it's gonna be great. People are awesome, you're gonna be... Okay. This is gonna be so fun."

Kayla, nervously watching Olivia, laughs, nods, and chuckles. 

Olivia grabs Kayla's hand, "Okay, you're so cute. Okay, let's go, let's do this, okay?"

Olivia and Kayla amble in the hallway. Olivia puts her hands on the backpack straps. Kayla puts her hands in her overall pockets. Both calm down a lot. 

Olivia asks Kayla, "Yeah. So do you have any questions for me?"

Kayla, "No, No, I mean... Well, does..." she tries to think of a question.

Olivia does not want to put Kayla on the spot, "You don't have to have a question."

Kayla, feeling relief, chuckles, "Okay."

Olivia, "Oh, my God, you're so cute. I feel like we're best friends. Is it weird if we're already best friends?"

Kayla immediately says, "No. No."

Olivia turns to look at Kayla with a smile.

Kayla immediately changes her answer, "Yeah. Yeah."

Both chuckle.