Later, at the dinner table, Kayla scrolls through instagram. Headphones on, she immerses herself in music. The dinning room is dimmed and her phone screen light glows on her face.

Mark, "Kayla."

Kayla does not hear.

Mark, "Kayla!"

Kayla pulls out an earbud and turns to her dad, annoyed "What?"

Mark, "Food's getting cold."

Kayla, "I like it cold." She pops her earbud back in and goes back to her phone.

Mark tries some small talk, "One more week of 8th grade, huh?"

Kayla remvoes her earbud again and looks at Mark, "Huh?"

Mark, "I said one more week of 8th grade, right?"

Kayla, eyes on her phone, "Yeah." She puts the earbud back but this time only holding it close to her ear so that she could still hear his dad.

Mark, "That's crazy."

Kayla replies half-heartedly, "Yeah, Huh."

Mark, "I can't believe you're gonna be in high school."

Kayla, "Mmm-hmm"

Mark, pretends to be excited, "How did that happen?"

Kayla, eyes never left the phone, "I don't know."

Mark, trying to be patient, gives a smile, "You excited?"

Kayla glances at Mark, "Yes", not souding excited at all. She stares at her phone, not really being able to focus on Instgram either.

Mark cut to the chase, "Hey, I got an email from Mrs. Graves."

Kayla lowers her hand holding the earbud, "Huh?"

Mark, as patient as any parent can be, repeats with a smily face, "I got an email from Mrs. Graves. Said you're gonna go to the Kennedy's birthday thing tomorrow?" Then he waits to see how her daughter reacts to it.

Kayla, rests her hand that holds the earbud on the table, "No."

Mark, "Really?"

Kayla, "Yeah, no." The earbud was put back next to her ear.

Mark, "It sounded kina fun."

Kayla, "Kennedy doesn't like me." She pops the earbud back in her ear and goes back to her device.

Mark, "That can't be true."

Kayla holds her phone with both her hands, ready to type something, "Cool"

Mark doesn't want to give up. He gestures with his spoonful of mashed potatos, "Sometimes kids act like they don't like you, but it's really just 'cause they got their own stuff going on, and they don't..." Mark notices she was not listening and drops the spoon to the plate and looks at Kayla's phone from distance. "Kayla."

Kayla scrolls her phone, ignoring her dad.

Mark, "Kayla..."

Kayla ingores some more.

Mark picks up a green bean and throws at her.

Kayla erupts, facing her dad, "Are you kidding me right now?"

Mark avoids eye contact and laughs, "I'm just being funny."

Kayla, lays her phone and headphones down on the table and look angrily at her dad, "Dad, no! It's not funny! You're the only one that thinks it's funny!"

Mark pretends to cry, "You don't think I'm funny?"

Kayla says firmly, "Dad! Dad, it's a Friday. You said I could do whatever I want on Fridays. And right now..."

Mark drops his half-crying-half-laughing face and decides to sound like a dad again, "Okay, you're right. Okay, I did. All right. Can I say one thing, though? Then you can go back to your phone, I'll leave you alone."

Kayla presses her hands against her head thinking how unbelievable his dad has been, "Fine."

Mark, "Okay, but you have to let me finish saying it."

Kayla is still angry, "Yeah, I will. I'm not even..."

Mark, "You can't get angry before I finish saying it, otherwise you won't listen."

Kayla is still impatient, "Fine. Just say it."

Mark senses his attempt to prevent another erruption might soon cause another erruption, "All right. All right. Okay. Okay." Then he tries to remember what he wants to say.

Kayla, waits for a long second, "Are you going to say it?"

Mark, "I'm thinking"

Kayla, waits for another two seconds.

Mark knows the feeling he wants to convey but hasn't found the right words yet. He decides to just say what's in his mind, "I think you're so cool... I think you're so..." His words rubs her the wrong way as he immediately finds out. He knows he couldn't win this one. But, as pathetic as any parent, he tries.

Kayla at once gets annoyed, "I'm gonna stop eating with you if you..."

Mark, "Hey, I said... You said I could say one thing. Can I say one thing, please?"

Kayla sighs and nods. "Fine."

Mark, "Thank you. Look, when I was your age, I was not cool like you. You have all these interests and your videos..."

Kayla moans sliently and covers her motified face with her hands.

Mark carries on, fully aware of her daughter's reaction, "and, just, how you express yourself in them, it's so... It's just so cool. It's so great, and I just... I just think... Maybe you just need to put yourself out there a little bit more."

Kayla turns to Mark, "Please stop."

Mark isn't finished, "I know the kids at school are not great. I'm not saying you have to be best friends with Kennedy Graves. And I know this is gonna sound lame, but I just think you're a really special person.

Kayla, "Dad..."

Mark, "And I know it's like, you know, all dads think that. But even if I wasn't your dad, I would still think that. I would. I'm sorry."

Kayla raises her voice, "Dad!"

Mark, "I would. I'm sorry."

Kayla, "Dad!"

Mark, "I'm sorry. I would."

Kayla, "Dad! This is more than one thing."

Mark, "It's a chunk of things..."

Kayla groans, her head collased on the table.

Mark, "and I know it's like, Dad, shut up. Duh, shut up. I get it. Please, I get it. But I'm actually not saying this to make you feel bad. I am saying this to make you feel better.

Kayla wakes up, "You know what'd make me feel better?"

Mark, "What?"

Kayla, "Is if you'd let me go on my phone."

Mark, "Okay, fine. Go ahead. Do your thing."

Kayla, with a tone of sarcasm, "Thanks." She puts her earbuds in and focuses on the phone, her food untouched.

Mark studies her soberly before dropping his gaze to the plate.

Later that evening Kennedy sends Kayla an Instgram message, "hi, so my mom said to invite you to my thing tomorrow so this is me doing that."