Streaks of orange glow in the sun-set sky as Kayla traverses a mall parking lot toward the entrance. Inside she strides passes stores and kiosks wearing a yellow t-shirt, skinny jeans and a plaid-top tied against her waist. As she tramps through the fluorescent-lit mall, she checks her phone and then tugs one of her short sleeves. Kayla rides a glass elevator to the food court. At a table, Olivia sits with her friend and two guys.

Kayla walks to their table. Olivia is excited to see her, stands up and introduces the parties, "Okay, so this is Kayla. She's, like, super chill and amazing and she's my shadow. And, um, yeah, this is Aniyah, and you guys met today. Riley and Trevor. The whole gang."

Olivia turns to Kayla, "Are you hungury?"

Kayla, being polite, "Uh, I'm fine."

Olivia, "Okay, well, we're gonna eat, I think."

Kayla, being polite, "Oh, well, I'll grab food, then." She chuckles.

Kayla snaps fingers, "Okay. Okay, cool. Cool. Yay." She makes a few half-dance moves.

Later with food in front them, the teens have loud conversations. Kayla glances between the girls and the guys, nodding and smiling. In the middle of the chaos, Aniyah suddenly whispers loudly, "Okay, guys, don't all look at the same time, but some creepy ass dude has been staring at us for so long..." Kayla turns to see her dad lurking on the level above them, "Uh... I left something in a store. I'll be back." She rushes off.

In another part of mall, Kayla walks angrily in front of her dad. 

Mark puts his hand on her shoulder, "Hey, honey." His voice sounds sad.

Kayla steers away from him, "Get away from me!" She stumps into a photo booth and sits down inside with a short curtain pulled shut.

Mark stands on the outside of the booth, peeking in at her daughter through a small gap in the curtain, "I'm really sorry."

Kayla keeps her gaze lowered.

Mark, "I didn't mean to spy on you. I just suck. You see, sometimes, dads are just really weird. Uh, all right. I'm... You know, I'm just gonna... I'm just gonna get out of here. I'm just gonna go, and you just have fun with your friends and just text me when you want me to pick you up."

Kayla, "I'll get a ride home."

Mark hesitates a little, "Okay. Yeah. All right, so, yeah. Just have fun, and um... Here, why don't you, um, take this and get yourself, like, a pretzel or something." He holds out a twenty but she doesn't take it. "Okay. I'm just gonna leave it here. And, uh, yeah. Just have fun, and..." He clears throat, "All right. I'm sorry." He flashes an embarrassed smile and walks away, leaving Kayla alone. 

Kayla walks back to the food court and rejoins the older teens at their table.
