Kayla finishes recording another video and closes the laptop. Smiling, she leans back, still wearing her name tag for the High School Shadow Program. Kayla's eyes drifts to her phone. She scrolls through her contacts until she comes to the entry "Olivia High School" with a heart emoji after it. She untangles her pink headphone cord, connects it and pops in earbuds while testing what she might say, "Hey Olivia. Hey, Olivia. Uh... Thanks for today." She takes a deep breath and hits call.

Half way through the conversation, Kayla finds herself walking briskly back and forth in her room, speaking to the mic on her headphone cord and ending every sentence with a chuckle.

Kayla, "Yeah, I mean, totally."

Olivia on the other end of phone, "No, I mean, like, honestly, like... Screw those girls, they're just, like, trying so hard to be cool."

Kayla, "Pretty much." She chuckles.

Olivia, "No. I mean it, Kayla. Don't stress about that stuff."

Kayla, "Okay. I'll... I'll try not to." She chuckles.

Olivia, "No. 8th grade is the worst. I was, like, a complete mess when I was your age." 

Kayla stands still, surprised, "Really?"

Olivia, "Yes. Oh, my God, yes."

Kayla, "Wow, I mean... Wow, um... Oh, also, thanks for letting me, like, call you and stuff. 'Cause I wasn't sure if I, you know, like, should or if that would be, like, you know, weird or not."

Olivia, "Oh, my God, no, no, no, no. Not weird at all. I gave you my number, Kayla. This is... This is what it's for."

Kayla brushes her hair and smiles, "Thanks. I mean, it's just really nice and kind of, like, just awesome to able... To be able to, like, you know, talk to someone who's just so, like, cool and they're, like, older and stuff." She chuckles.

Olivia, "Oh, my God, well, you know, I don't know how cool I am." She giggles.

Kayla, "Uh, I mean, I actually think you're pretty cool. I mean... I... I don't really have, like, a lot of friends at school or whatever, 'cause, like, people are, like, stupid like you said. Um... But, I don't know, you've just been so nice to me and you're just... I think... I think that makes you pretty cool."

Olivia, "I mean... I made all my close friends in high school. All that stuff is gonna happen for you. Don't even worry about it."

Kayla, "Thanks."

Olivia, "You know, hey, um... I don't know if you're around or allowed or whatever, but me and some friends are heading to the mall to just, like, hang, if you feel like you wanna come."

Kayla stop pacing and yanks out her earbuds. She presses her hands to her head excitedly, "Oh, my God." She laughs, jumps and waves her fists. She brushes her hair back, tries to think and realizes she lets Olivia hang, "Oh, crap." She picks her phone back up, yanks away the headphone, calls Olivia again and puts her phone to her ear, "Uh, hey, sorry about that. Uh, I have, like, really really bad reception at my house. Um... But if it's still cool if I hang out?"

Olivia, "Oh, my gosh, yes. Please come."

Kayla, "Oh, okay. Okay, cool. Cool. Cool. Cool. Cool. Awesome. Great. Okay. Uh... Yeah, uh..."

Olivia, "Text me later."

Kayla, "Yeah! Okay, see ya!"

Kayla ends the call and rocks back and forth with an overjoyed smile which slowly fades. She glances around her room, her eyes stops at the closet. She opens up her closet doors and surveys the content with a discouraged look. Taking a few steps back, she slumps onto the edge of her bed. She sighs, "Oh, fuck."