The following several evenings, the buskers and Markéta and Glen cram in Glen's bedroom, practicing the songs. Glen's father is not really musical but from time to time he brings a tray of coffee and cookies.

The first day of the recording the band arrive at the studio early, set up their music instruments in the live room. Markéta plays a few tunes on the piano that comes with the studio. Then they wait in the control room, where, besides all the recording equipments, there is a short coffee table and chairs and a couch, but the band members are all standing. The buskers are very curious with all the recording gears. Glen and Markéta standing side by side like they are taking a photo. The sound engineer walks in. He has gray hair and wears a darkgray t-shirt and a black leather jacket un-buttoned.

Eamon, "Okay, guys, I'm Eamon. I'm here for you guys for the weekend. Good to meet you. We've a little bits and pieces to set up. I want to check the drums inside."

The drummer, "We've already set up the kit."

Eamon, "Yeah, I just want to, you know, check them for sound."

The drummer, "I checked them already. It's fine."

Eamon, "Okay, we need to set up mics on them for recording, yeah?"

It dawns on the drummer, "Oh."

Eamon, "Have you done much recording?"

The band members shakes their head.

Eamon, "Right. Let's get cracking. Yeah?" He leads the band into the live room.

Soon the live room is filled with melodies, and sounds of percussions. The drummer is isolated in a separatet room from the other band members. They all wear headphones.  Not all the sounds are synchronized, so it seems like a chaos in there. 

Glen gestures to Markéta, "Can you hang on a second? Just one second." After piano stops, he strums a few notes. "Okay, are you ready to rock?"

Markéta nods and plays a few notes subconciously. She looks nervous.

Glen turns to the buskers, "Are we ready?"

The guitar, "Yep, we're in tune."

Glen turns to the drumer and base. He raises his voice so the drummer could hear him in another room, "So Al and Timmy, on the second verse, just, this is pretty much simple enough thing. It's in five-four and the second verse, I'll give you a nod to come in there, yeah? Is that right?"

The base and drummer nod.

Glen turns to the guitar, "And you're in from the top with me, yeah?"

The guitar, "Okay."

Glen turns back to Markéta, "And you know what you're doing."

Markéta nods again and plays a few notes subconciously again.

All set, Glen looks to the control room, "All right, then, so uh..." 

Eamon is on his phone. He makes a gestures that means 'just a second'. Then there are a few seconds of total silence in the live room, all waiting on Eamon.

Eamon hangs up his phone and drops it on the side, "Okay, we're ready. Fire one."

Glen leans to the mic, "You sure you're ready?"

Eamon pushes and twists a few buttons on the desk, "Okay, listen now for the click track, everybody. And away we go. This is track one, take one" He presses one more button "Yeah." 

Glen slightly shifts his stance, "All right, lads, here we go, this is it, yeah."