The next day Glen busks at the same spot on Grafton street. Markéta shows up around the time he is ready to take a lunch break. The street is crowded and Markéta seems more shy than last night.

Markéta, "Hello."

Glen, holds his pick with his mouth, puts away his guitar, paying more attention to the guitar than to her, "How are you? How's it going?"

Markéta, "I bring my hoover."

Glen zips up his guitar case, looks up and lets out a laugh, "All right. What's wrong with it?"

Markéta, "It doesn't suck up the dirt."

Glen carries the guitar cases over a shoulder and another bag over the other shoulder. "Well, listen, there's nothing I can do, I don't have any of my tools or nothing with me. I'm going on me break now. Can you bring it in tomorrow or something?"

Markéta feels awkward, she stutters, "Well, no, I...I bring it today. You, you..."

Glen, "Yeah, but there's nothing I can do with it, love. I don't have me tools. It's like I have to bring it home."

Markéta's face is red, "If I come on break, you have a look at it at least?"

Glen, "Yeah, but you don't understand." He feels frustrated.

Markéta, "I come with you, then? For lunch?"

Glen gives up, "Yeah. All right." 

Markéta follows him, "Yes, we go together?"

Glen actually enjoys her company, "Yeah."

Markéta smiles to herself, "Thank you." She walks by Glen's side dragging the hoover on the street.

Glen, "Are you hungry?"

Markéta, "I'm always hungry. Have you been to Simon's Place?"

They went to Simon's Place Cafe on the corner of Aungier St and George St. Markéta orders two cups of stew that comes with three slices of bread. Glen orders a cup of coffee. They pick a window seat.

Glen, "So you know a bit about music then?"

Markéta nods, "My father used to play in the orchestra back at home. He played violin. But he got arthritis and quit. Now he's organizing music festivals. He taught me how to play piano. 'It's not so hard on the fingers,' he said."

Glen, "Do you get to play much?"

Markéta, "Hmm. No, I don't have a piano at home. I play in the piano shop across the street. This man lets me play one hour per day at lunch."

Glen, "Somewhere around here?"

Markéta smiles, "Yeah. Just across the street at the Waltons New School of Music. They sell pianos and guitars over there. Frankly you can use a new guitar." She didn't get a response, "You want to hear me play?"

Glen says coolly, "Yeah."

A waitress brings the food. Markéta dugs in. Glen leans back and studies her, playing with his coffee in one hand. He hopes she can play. He has had this idea of forming a band and he might just found one core member. Glen looks throught the big glass window. Across the street, he sees Brasserie sixty6, a fancier restraunt, seems still not open yet.

