The night is still young on Grafton street, Dublin. Clothing stores are all closed, but there're plenty of places to grab food and drink. The sign of Burger King is bright, except the letter I. It attracts people strolling by.

Glen is busking. His guitar is so worn out that it has big holes next to the sound hole. The acoustic is better at night than during the day because the ambience is quiter. But there is no audience at this hour. Except one young brunett, wearing a long red skirt. Her name is Markéta. She wears a messenger bag, full of magazines, across her body and also holds a dozen at her chest. She claps and throws in some coins.

Glen says thanks and looks over his almost empty guitar case, "Ten cents, brilliant. Thanks." He raises his arms celebrating his success, sarcastically.

Markéta, "Excuse me?"

Glen, "Sorry."

Markéta looks at him with interest and presents the magazines in her hands, "Big issue?"

Glen gestures toward his guitar case and smiles frankly, "Can't afford it."

Markéta, "This song you just play, you write it?"

Glen, "Working on it."

Markéta, "It's not an established song?"

Glen shakes his hand, "No, it's not an established song."
Markéta, "How come you don't play it during daytime? I see you every day."

Glen, "You know, during the day, people want to hear songs they know, just songs that they recognize. I mean, otherwise, I wouldn't make any money. I play these songs at night. They won't listen."

Markéta wants to encourage him, "I listen."

Glen, "Yeah, but you gave me ten cents."

Markéta, "You do it for money then?"

Glen looks down, tightening his lips, and tilts his head helplessly.

Markéta, "Why don't you get a job in a shop?"

Glen likes the conversation less and less, "I have a job in a shop. Listen, I'm going to get back to this, yeah? Nice to meet you."

Markéta likes the conversation more and more, "Who'd you write that song for, please?"

Glen, "No one."

Markéta enjoys his embarrassed face, "Bullshit. Where is she?"

Glen, "She's gone."

Markéta regrets, her face changed, "She's dead?"

Glen finds her expression funny, "No, she's not dead, she's gone."

Markéta smiles again, "You love her still?"

Glen, "Jesus, man." He mouths a no and watches her reaction.

Markéta looks down and raises her heels, "You're over her." When landing on her heel again, she shakes her head, "Rubbish. No one who would write this song is over her."

Glen studies her, intrigued.

Markéta, "I'm telling you. You play this marvelous song to her, you get her back."

Glen, "I don't want her back."

Markéta, "I see." She looks away, her lips tightened avoiding any expression that resembles a smile.

Glen looks at her with amusement.

Markéta, "What shop you work in?"

Glen looks down. When he looks up, he says proudly, "I work in a hoover repair shop."

Markéta, "A hoover?"

Glen, "You know, like a vacuum cleaner. Whhzzz."

Markéta is really glad to hear that, "You fix vacuum cleaners?"

Glen, "I do."

Markéta can't believe her luck, "I have a broken vacuum cleaner. You fix it for me?"

Glen nods, "Yeah."

Markéta starts moving away, "I bring it tomorrow then?"

Glen says coolly, "Okay."

Markéta turns still looking at him, "This is great. Tomorrow?"

Glen, "Right."

Markéta, "Okay, bye."

Glen, "Good luck." He starts strumming guitar again.

