The next day Glen runs up to Markéta selling flowers on Grafton Street.

Glen, "Hey."

Markéta, "Hey." She sounds less enthusiatic to see him.

Glen, "How's it going?"

Markéta walks on without replying.

Glen, "Hey, where you going? I wanted to give the CD that I made for you."

Markéta takes the CD, and looks up smiling, "Do you have a CD player?" Her mood seems better.

Glen, "Yeah." He searches through his bag and pulls out a CD player with an entangled headphone, "Here you go. Batteries are pretty low, but it should work."

Markéta takes the CD play, "I give it back."

Glen says nervously, "No problem. Keep it."

Markéta sighs, "I have to go now. I'll talk to you later."

Glen pleads, "You don't want to get a cup of tea or something? I'd love to... just talk to you a bit more."

Markéta says in all seriousness, "I have responsibilities. I have to go home."

Glen, "Is it okay to walk along with you then? Yeah?"

Markéta smiles, "Yeah."

They take a half-hour walk and stops in front of an apartment building facing Mountjoy Square Park. To Glen's surprise, Markéta invites him to come in her apartment. She lives with her mom. Markéta's mom does not speak much English, she talks with her daughter in Czech. Markéta's mom turns to Glen and asks him to stay for dinner in Czech. Glen looks over to Markéta for help. 

Later, Markéta's mom knitting on a comfortable chair while Glen and Markéta eat at a tiny table. She talks with her mom about Glen and Glen spreads butter on bread, totally clueless. Markéta's mom looks at Glen and says something in Czech and Markéta chuckles, looking at Glen as well. 

Glen finds it funny too even though he does not understand a word, "What did she say?"

Markéta, "She says you're handsome." She cleans her fork with her mouth.

Glen smiles, "What?"

Markéta chuckles, "She says you're handsome."

Glen, "Uh... How do I say thanks?"

Markéta, "Dík."

Glen turns to Markéta's mom, "yeekee."

Markéta's mom, "Nemáš zač"

Markéta translates, "She says, 'you're welcome.'"

Glen looks to his food, "Cool, thanks."

Markéta speaks to her mom, "Try to speak a little English mama."

Markéta's mom smiles and shakes her head, "No, thank you."

Three young men walk in the apartment. They say hi and sit on the couch. Markéta explains to Glen, "These are from next door. They come in to watch telly. There's only one telly in the building. We watch Fair City together."

One man says, "Fair City, we love. We learn English from Fair City."

Another man imitates characters in the show, "Are you not pregnant?" people in the room all laugh.

Another man follows, "How are you, man? What is the hurry?"

That evening after Glen left, Markéta wrote a song with her keyboard, something she has not done since she moves to Ireland. At the same time, in his bedroom above his dad's hoover repair shop, Glen also wrote a song, with his guitar.



