Glen did not show up on Grafton street for a week. When he catches up Markéta there again, she was thrilled.

Markéta, "Hi, how are you? How's it going?"

Glen, "Pretty good. Listen. I was thinking I want to make a recording of a few songs. A couple of the songs I was playing you, and I really liked the way you played and your singing. So, if you feel like, would you be into playing along?"

Markéta is flattered, "I would sing and play?"

Glen, "Yeah."

Markéta, "I'd love that."

Glen, "Really? Cool. So you'd be in my band for a few days?"

Markéta, "Yeah."

Glen chuckles, feeling relieved. He talks to the ground. "Well, that's the first thing I've got sorted out. Now I just need to sort everything else out."

Later Glen and Markéta appear in a recording studio. A long hair dude shows them around.

Long hair dude, "Now, so let me give you the tour. That is your live rooms in there. This is a new desk. You got your hard drive and you got your outboard gear. Now all in all, we're talking about 3 grand for a weekend."

Markéta gasps, "Three!"

Long hair dude, "Yeah. 3 grand. That's pretty good."

Markéta looks at him in disbelief, "You must be crazy. 3000."

Long hair dude tries not be offended, "Well, have a look around. You've everything you need."

Markéta sits in front of the recording desk and turns to Glen, whispering, "What do you think, is it good?"

Glen whispers back, "It's pretty good."

Markéta turns to the long hair dude, "We'll give you one."

The long hair dude chuckles, "I'm sorry."

Markéta points to Glen, "Have you heard this guy's songs?"

Long hair dude, "I haven't yet. No."

Markéta, "He's great."

Glen grins and keeps being silent. He feels it is more like Markéta's territory.

Long hair dude, "Okay, but... Listen, I can fill this place in an hour."

Markéta, "One and a half then. That's my limit."

Long hair dude studies her poker pace and says carefully, "We can talk about two."

Markéta looks into the eyes of the long hair dude, "We don't talk. We shake. We shake on two, yeah? Shake now?"

Long hair dude, "All right." He shakes her hand, looking at Glen, "She drives a hard bargain."

Glen smiles, "She's a tough cookie."

Next they need a small loan of 2000 euros. With the advice of Markéta, Glen buys a suit and a tie on their way to the small loan agency. At the entrance she arranges his hair before they go in. At the small loan manager's office, Markéta put the tape recorder on the desk and hits play. The manager listens to it, his expression hard to tell. He seems impressed, but sad and disappointed at the same time. Half way through the song Markéta explains, "The quality is poor, but if we can get a professional tape, I'm satisfied that he can secure a lucrative deal." She stops the recorder and pops out the tape, "You take it home, you, you listen to it. You play it to your boss. I'm sure you can get him to approve."

The manager holds the tape, "Can I show you something?" He leaves the office, comes back with a guitar and starts playing and singing. Markéta's jaw drops. After his performance, he explains how he likes music and appreciates Glen's songs. He then takes out papers and stamps and the loan is approved.

Finally Markéta and Glen go to Harry Street to solve the last piece of the puzzel. They approach a group of buskers, a guitar, a base, a drummer.

At the end of a song, Glen walks up to the buskers, "Nice one, lads. How's it going?"

The guitar, "All right."

Glen, "How's it today? Is it slow?"

The guitar points at his case, "Have a look there yourself." He chuckles awkwardly.

Glen, "Is that... Is that it?"

The guitar, "That's it, that's it. That's how it's going at the moment."

Glen, "Listen, I wanted to ask you, as myself and herself are making a tape...Of a few songs down at Samson's studios. And I was just wondering, if you were around next weekend, for, to, or you'd be interested in doing it."

The guitar, "A bit of recording?"

Glen nods, "A bit of recording."

The guitar, "Yeah, doing Lizzy stuff or...?"

Glen, "No, it's not Lizzy, it's me own songs."

The base, "We only do Lizzy. Really. It's one of our things."

The guitar, "That sort of stuff, is it? Sort of rocky Lizzy stuff or ...?"

Glen panicked, "No. No, it's not."

The drummer, "Singer-Songwriter stuff?"

Glen turns to the drummer and nods, "It's kind of Singer-Songwriter, yeah. Kinda..."

The drummer, "Is it any good?"

Glen, "Uh..."

Markéta, "It's great."

Glen turns to Markéta expressing doubt, "Is it?"

The buskers agree eventually. 

The sky is already dark. Glen suggest to Markéta that they could go to some house party where people enjoy singing gather. She agrees and tells him she just need to call her mom first. Later Markéta stands in a phone booth talking while Glen sits against the wall of a bar in a nearby street corner. He holds his guitar case between his knees and rests his head on the wall behind him, his eyes looking into space. It's been a long day.